oh
okay it's orientation locked okay fine
hi
everyone oh God is this going to work
yes yes it is
hello I'm tuning in a little bit early
just to make sure that everything's
working because um I've had a nightmare
setting up this stream
tonight I've
um for some reason my webcam Cam's not
working um or whenever I try to do a
live stream on YouTube it says that the
um webcam is already in use which is a
bold face
lie it's not in use I'm trying to use it
so I've had to do it on my phone for
tonight hello peep KNX how you doing
thank you for
joining um we'll wait a little bit just
you know for people to tune in because
I've tuned in a little bit earlier than
planned I just wanted to make sure that
everything's
working oh thank you marro you make me
really excited every time you upload oh
thank you Kate B says congratulations I
love this channel thank you so much yeah
I mean that's what we're here for
tonight to say thank you for
250,000
subscribers that is just mental to me
that I can say that confidently in fact
technically let me just turn the lights
up a little bit um technically I'm on
151,000 and it's going to hit 152 in
like 100 Subs time so it's still
climbing it's
insane hi rain sopia thank you for
joining holy snap that beard looks
amazing thank you Tin Man
yeah there um about 10 years hard work
right
here yeah thank you for tuning
in everyone can hear me okay yeah no
audio issues or anything like
that think blue says congrats thank you
Maria Chong says congratulations there
been a long time coming oh thank you
yeah the hard work's paid off sounds
fine okay good
great you deserve it thank you rain
Sophia that's really nice of you oh hi
vinitus thanks for joining uh for tuning
in happy world College day
everyone collage day sorry I misread
that or is it College it's all in caps
my
dyslexia it is a sweltering hot Day in
England tonight by the way or today it's
been very very hot which is why I I
potentially might look a little
bit sort of red in the cheeks but I
assure you um I've cooled down a little
bit but if I still look like I'm glowing
on webcam that's the reason why
basically 10 years I'd grow that hair
back in a week oh yeah no I would now I
would grow it back in a week nowadays
but I'm talking about 10 years of like
refining it you know because like
sometimes when you first get a beard
right it gets a bit patchy when you're
first growing it so I had to really wait
it out trim back each bit at a time and
then now it looks more or less even so
yeah I'm I'm exactly the
same yeah it's so hot isn't
it um yeah it's been a really hot day
today um and for England it's really
nice
I really appreciate hot weather um it it
makes a nice
change the video on auto Dix was really
fantastic thank you yeah I um I think
he's a fascinating artist um what he
experienced though as an artist not you
know not just as an artist but as a
person he had to fight in a
war by the time the second world war
came along he his country basically
turned on him like
the the life he lived was just it's
Unthinkable and it really adds a lot of
perspective to his artwork and I hope
that I got that message across more or
less in the um in the video but yeah I'm
glad you enjoyed
it oh so many of you are tuning in this
is awesome thank you for tuning in
tonight guys I didn't know if anyone
would turn
up so it's awesome 36 people watching
that's insane to me
all right there's a few comments coming
in thick and fast so let me just scrolly
scrolly
back
uh bear with
me congrats I've been watching your
channel for two years dude you've been
here from the beginning nice OG fan over
here thank you grer I hope I pronounced
that correctly by the way g r o z a
um this is really fiddly doing it on my
phone I what I might do is get the
stream up on my computer in front of me
so I can read the comments on there that
way I might be a little bit
more um Savvy with the
comments God that's weird I'm seeing my
face in like delay right
now uh it's loading very slow
so maybe not okay that's fine I I'll get
used to the comments on here
so you have a fabulous beard thank you
rain Sophia congratulations on all
subscriptions I'm a Yankee from the
states oh nice one Matt which state are
you from I've been to the states twice
in my life and I've only been to one
state unfortunately and it was Florida
I'd love to go back to America someday
um and see like uh just some more of it
you know I feel like I've only seen like
0.5% of it just going to Florida um
because it's such a huge
country prediction for Arsenal uh man
united what as in like what the score
would be what are they playing
tonight I I've only watched Chelsea play
tonight and we won against uh Nottingham
Forest and I can't believe I'm saying
this nowadays as a Chelsea fan that that
is considered exciting to us to win
against Nottingham Forest
nowadays love your videos um you've been
oh I've been studying art for uh the
history of art for 11 years since middle
school but I'm Italian so 80% of what I
studied was just Renaissance oh no so
thank you so much oh you're welcome I'm
glad I could like you know give you some
ideas your cont content on Lori Lipton
was spectacular this is from Katy Bates
thank you yeah lorri Lipton is amazing
she's such a lovely person as well um
she's very responsive to um to her fans
as well so if you you know swing by her
Instagram page sometime and leave her a
nice comment I'm sure she'll get back to
you uh first time in a live stream yeah
um one thing you'll come to realize
about me if you're new to this channel
is that I can make a video just fine I
have no problem making a video that's
all good but when it comes to streaming
I'm such a boomer when it comes to
streaming technology I just can't do it
I just get confused so I just stick to
the simple ways of doing it right now
I'm literally just streaming on my
mobile phone um doing it you know very
Bare
Bones but I just wanted to say hi really
I didn't want to do anything like you
know
extravagant just wanted uh
just a you know because it's been a long
time since I've done a
stream so I was hoping just to do
something casual and just you know speak
to you guys you know face to face pretty
much or anyone who likes to tune
in hey BD hey CUO
61 Mario Garcia uh oh you're going to
make me read this
felices
saludos Gan
Indiana I don't know I'm sorry I don't
know what that means and I I probably
completely slaughtered saying that
um thanks to you I have a hyper fixation
on Francis Bacon thank you for your work
I admire you thank you yeah Francis
Bacon is the goat in my opinion I mean
he is my all-time favorite artist I
think his artwork is very
unique um it is still blows my mind that
when he was around people compared him
to
Picasso well I don't really see that at
all maybe it's just
because maybe it was just because like
you know no one else was doing
figurative art in that sort of style um
or at least not many other people had
sort of Dar to venture down that sort of
Route I don't know but I don't see any
resemblance to um Picasso but yeah
Francis Bacon is
amazing um when I went to see his
exhibition at the Royal Academy in
London um it was mind-blowing seeing all
the paint Strokes up close and um just
knowing that my hero left a mark just
inches away from me and it's like um
captured in
paint just thought that was really
profound uh your channel is so
interesting to me um I'm massively into
art but never knew the person behind the
channel is lovely to finally meet you
yeah yeah likewise nice to meet you too
I prefer not to show my face because
well the main simple reason since I
first started and the reason why I don't
normally show my face is because the
videos aren't about me you know I'm just
telling a story or I'm just
uh you
know trying to explain what the artist
is all about you know I don't really
focus on myself it would feel a bit odd
so I prefer just to kind of sit back
just record my voice write the script
make the video and leave it at that but
um it's nice to tune in every once in a
while to meet you guys face to face uh
love your work man fantastic thank you
Carlos the artist Rocco that you did
feature is an insane
artist oh I think I remember yeah and I
saw him uh in your channel I've been
join us every time he did a uh a q&n you
mean a
Q&A and he always talks about you
oh oh well I hope he's doing well no I
hope all the artists are feature are
doing well you know uh I know that it's
just me kind of choosing personally what
I like when it comes to these lesser
known artists but I hope other people
can see their talent as well you know
cuz it's hard it's it's tough out there
you know to get some exposure into you
know when you're doing something you
genuinely love and it would feel weird
if I just you know said yeah watch my
videos and get nothing back you know if
you're an artist watching I want to you
know thank you uh especially if you're
particularly um talented and um yeah I
just
feel that was a natural thing to do I
guess I'm just kind of talking out loud
there um what has been your favorite
artist you made a video of um 100%
Francis Bacon still my favorite
um though having said
that
um the first video I did on Brian
Charley uh Brian Charley as well has
been a huge favorite artist of mine
simply because of his
um his story and his perspective and the
fact that it really makes you think long
and hard about you know how important it
is to develop our understanding of
mental health and to really use art as a
tool and it was he was one of the first
artists that made me sort of realize
that that art can be a very useful tool
to um figure out more about ourselves
and others when we're facing our demons
or we're going through depression
anxiety or any kind of mental health art
has such a beautifully powerful and
creative way of um you know coming to
terms with these sort of challenges and
Brian Charley I think you know even
though it my first video it still means
a lot to me because he was the first
artist that sort of made me you know
have that
realization uh Carlos Danger Florida
here oh West Palm Beach my Bros
nice lovely God I can't imagine how hot
it is over there right now the West is
the best by Maria Shong the West is the
best uh Matt horren say from
Pennsylvania
lovely congratulations on
250k love your contents joins when uh
your Ben oh when I did my binsky video
nice yeah that's
another uh kind of crowning king of dark
and mysterious art
um I've still been debating revisiting
bet shinsky because I I lik the video I
did on him but it was very surface level
I only chose a few paintings of his or
artworks or
whatever and I feel there's a lot more
we can learn from him so I might revisit
him in in future I don't know it depends
how long or you know how long it takes
for my other projects to get done
because I have a lot
planned and um my script for the next
video just so you know is nearly
finished uh so I should hopefully be
doing the voice over for that
soon Justin says big fan I've been
learning a lot from your content first
heard about William timoleon from your
channel no way really there's some
there's loads of great videos on William
William molan if um now that's good to
know yeah but have a look on YouTube
because there's loads of amazing videos
done on him like um I really like for
one that shouted handed um he's a big
influence of mine in in in the Realms of
YouTube I mean how long does it take uh
take you to make a video Maria asks
well it takes longer nowadays I think
because
um so normally it would take me two
weeks so I'd spend one week dedicated to
writing and research and then the
following week would be the editing like
doing my voice over doing the um video
clip editings and things like that but
it can take longer than that like it
depends how deep into the rabbit hole I
end
up um I don't think this next video that
is going to be coming out um is going to
take too long I think it will be
finished next week and release next week
uh hopefully that's the plan anyway but
it can yeah it really depends cuz I'm
someone who really likes to
spend good sort of time and effort on
each project I work on
right I don't I never really went into
YouTube thinking okay I'm going to get
myself a schedule I'm going to you know
release a video every week that kind of
thing because that just stresses me out
and it makes me really Rush the quality
of my content and I hate getting into
those
situations and um yeah so I prefer to
take however long it takes to work on a
video cuz I hate that feeling that you
just finished a project and you you know
you release it and you end up hating a
video because you know you could have
made it better I hate that feeling hate
it so um my plan is just to spend as
long as it takes on each video um who
knows like I might end up getting faster
but for now it's just very relaxed
attitude towards it to be
honest
um Susan says hello there Canada here
nice hello to Canada how are you I'm
very well thank you and you're from
brenford Ontario Canada I'm the biggest
Smiths fan yo I love the Smiths um you
love morisy yeah um I love his voice and
I love his lyrics they so sarcastic and
um you know very poetic
uh but the main thing thing I love about
the Smiths is Johnny Mars guitar playing
it's so beautiful he would just take a
power chord and instead of just playing
like three strings on a guitar just for
just like one simple chord he'll play
your six strings you'll sound like two
guitars playing at the same time it's
mad I've never you know seen another
guitarist like him huge hero of
mine I paint mostly animals some pale
people says Al must dejus I had uh oh
you had an article nice uh so I had an
article of myself in a local magazine
about my art and I got my painting in an
exhibition lovely
amazing do you know when that
exhibition's coming
out or has the exhibition already been
you mean but congratulations either way
Matt tan says no I am the biggest
Smith's fan come on guys it's not a
competition we can all be the biggest
Smith's
fans
um complaining mantis great name uh says
so he's from Texas it's been great to
watch your channel thank you thank you
so
much I also love it that you support
small artists like her I'm originally
from Finland oh well hello to Finland or
wherever you're living now
um is morisy married
yet did yeah did he ever marry I don't
think he ever did did he yeah I think
he's always been like kind of a a weird
loner a sort of like musical
hermit yeah I don't think he's ever
married is he gay or straight I don't
actually know
maybe he's nothing maybe he's like
asexual or something but yeah I don't
know ham it up brother it's your moment
from Carlos Danger yeah I mean it is my
moment but I you know I'm not used to
streaming you know I used to stream a
lot but nowadays I just prefer to kind
of like work quietly in the
background so sorry if this stream is
like really simple and um you know
you're not going to get like fancy
you know graphics and things like that
I'm I'm just too much of a boomer for
that
sorry Mario Cruz say such a lovely voice
oh thank you you are one of my favorite
persons in all my art addiction and
Obsession I hope you continue this for a
long time oh I intend to I really do I
love this job like the fact that I get
to do this for a job is
amazing um you
know I don't want to take it for granted
so 100% going to keep it up for as long
as I can
definitely damn finally get to see The
Man Behind the videos
yeah hi this is what I look
like
um yeah like I was saying earlier I
prefer not to show my face but on
special occasions like this I make an
exception I love your videos I learned
so much about incredible artist
uh that you didn't know before thank you
oh you're
welcome hopefully this next artist is
fairly little known enough to
um hopefully be
interesting your voice is everything so
soothing and calming might we be able to
see some of my work
oh yeah that would have been a good idea
I could have shown you my artwork damn
it I mean
how do
you I'm trying to figure can I can I
mute my camera while I quick a I should
have thought of
that um if you want to see my artwork by
the way like you can go to my Instagram
where I posted some photos of my artwork
like if you're interested like if you're
genuinely interested um but again like
my Channel's not so much about me it's
about other you know other artists which
is why I don't normally show it but yeah
if if if you're if you're genuinely
interested head to my Instagram just
look up blind deller on Instagram and
you'll see some
examples but thank you like thank you
for the compliment is he blind or isn't
he no um and unfortunately I don't have
a really cool descriptive like um
meaning behind my um uh my channel name
when I first started like my logic was
this I was going to do mostly
um Creepy Pasta kind of stuff internet
uh Mysteries that sort of thing you know
dark kind of um internet Mysteries
basically and so the idea is that I was
going to be blindly dwelling on the
internet looking for stories it was
something that made sense in my own head
not so much to other people's cuz
whenever I explain that people
go
okay but that's basically where thought
process was and I just kind of start
with that name and I've used it ever
since so it doesn't have any special
meaning blind well it's just a name
unfortunately I don't usually go into
chats but here I am welcome Susan make
yourself at home thanks for having me oh
you're welcome the video is about Lori
Lipton Francis Bacon and she what
haven't said this word in a while JW
bashinski are very interesting thank you
sham
Katy Bates must go uh but one again uh
once again congratulations well deserved
thank you Katie you take care thank you
for tuning in if only
briefly within the abyss of the internet
is difficult to gain
recognition yes
um yeah it definitely is um because it's
so saturated Now isn't it YouTube isn't
um YouTube for one thing like I don't
know if we're talking about art artists
in particular or YouTubers in this
situation CU we kind of spoke about both
but I know on YouTube in particular it's
quite saturated isn't it there's a lot
of
um lazy content
nowadays you know just watching back Tik
Tok videos and things I can't be dealing
with that but come
on we all want to have an you know we
all want to
I don't know find that kind of Golden
Goose easy way of making money but I
couldn't live with myself just doing
content like that like I just feel like
you know what am I actually doing you
know I want to work on videos that you
could be proud of but the trouble is
like the more people start doing the
same kind of content on YouTube the more
they get pushed down even though it's
popular the algorithm will just push
them right down at the bottom B because
too many others are doing it so I guess
one advice I would give at this point
whether you're doing art or want to do
YouTube videos as well is use your
oddness to your advantage you know if
there's something unique about yourself
then or even something like quite
eccentric about yourself then use that
to your advantage you know that might
actually be the thing that makes you
stand out so just um you know don't be
afraid to be weird people don't want
safe and normal on the internet let's
face
it Francis Bacon de one of the best vids
also an influence
good good good good excuse me for being
forward but you are
C thank you Susan appreciate that I
think binsky was the gateway drug for a
lot of people in the chat it was mine I
love to wind down for the day with this
channel good oh I'm glad to hear
that yeah not many artists can top Ben
shinsky really can they like he was one
of a kind not just a good skilled artist
like in the fact that he could do a good
drawing but his imagination was
incredible I think that's the key to
being a good artist is that you could be
very skilled at drawing but if you don't
have a very good Vision or like very
good imagination and um you know a sort
of like yeah a sort of vision to take
your art in that kind of Direction then
all you are is just a skilled draftsman
or skilled illustrator but to be an
artist you need a good Vision as well to
accompany it in my
opinion uh opinions on binsky or
Yoko
uh well B shinsky was
um I like the fact that you know
whenever I read up on about him he was a
very reserved very humble
individual and I find just generally
speaking people like that a lot easier
to connect with and relate
to yok Yoko is um I'm assuming you're
talking about Yuko tashima um she's
still a complete mystery to me has she
even been interviews cuz I know that
since I've done that video there's been
quite a few other videos like commenting
on her saying oh look at this you know
have you seen this tamino hell painting
and
stuff but we still don't know that much
about her she's quite an
enigma I would love to interview her one
day though that would be amazing like if
I ever had the chance to interviewer her
I would just snap that chance up because
I think she'd be a fascinating
individual speak
to uh Francis Bacon insisted his art was
framed behind glass class so that the
viewer's reflection became part of a
painting I did not know that that's
fascinating I I do know that he
preferred his art to be displayed in big
elaborate gold um
frames so whenever you look at his art
even though it's quite Modern Art
looking sometimes it would still be
encased in these beautiful golden sort
of frames as if it's like Renaissance
art that I knew I did not know that
that's fascinating thanks for sharing
that I'm from Asheville uh what does NC
stand for
again I'm my God I'm so North Carolina
is it please say I'm
right yes it is
okay I'm such an ignorant British person
oh nice one W hello to
Asheville uh my partner is studying
print making
in Bristol
nice please revisit binsky he's my
favorite I will definitely think about
it like I am tempted if I can find any
good sources out there which can give me
a little bit more information I will
100% consider it because I do want to
trust me I think I could make a really
cool big project on him I just need to
find you know reliable
information um preferably some books
I'll do some hunting over this
year Matt he can marry me I'm an English
girl with an Irish heart wow what a
knockout dream
woman looking forward to your next
feature here yeah me too um it shouldn't
be too long hopefully he'll be out next
week don't quote me on that but so far
it looks like next week it will be
coming
out Ador binsky yeah me
too Oto dick voto dick video was also
very interesting and so detailed oh
thank you I didn't know we had such an
artist in Germany oh there you go no
Germany's had some amazing
artists you know not just um AO
deck um you know uh Kate colwitz for
example I did a video on from Germany
and she had a she was very good with um
I think it was mostly lithography she
did she did a few graphite drawings but
mostly lithography and it's so brutal
like it's such brutal
artwork um very chilling very sad at
times and very
uh uh heavy heavy subjects but
yeah I just noticed my hair my hair is
like so um ravaged by the
heat oh ken thanks for tuning in mate
how are
you Ken says I absolutely love your
Brian Charlie video and just returned
from Glasgow last week nice wish I was
there for some of his art
showing have you ever heard from Yuko
Shima that's another one of my favorites
that you made no yeah I I still none the
wiser really um of who she is you know
whether she's still doing
art um whether she accepts interviews I
have no
clue whenever I do find out that she is
doing interviews I'm going to do it
though
100% oh and uh Ken just to answer
because I saw your Instagram message
just earlier before I went live um sorry
I didn't get back to you um I did did
not see the Northern Lights uh for
anyone who didn't know or doesn't know
um this uh the last couple of days we've
been hearing that the northern lights
will appear over England
and last night I was out and about
couldn't see anything and then I just
kind of forgot about it and I went to
sleep woke up this morning I went on
social media and so many people like
just just living down the road from me
have these beautiful photos of the
northern lights and I'm like well where
did you find that I was looking up in
the sky for ages so right now I've
actually got my window open here and the
curtains drawn so I can peer out for any
signs of Northern Lights and if they do
show up I'm going to take this phone out
into the garden and show you
guys I can't see anything just yet but
it' be amazing um cuz I did say might
happen again tonight
so looking forward to that Northern
Lights are beautiful going to hear a
train in a
minute yeah I have uh train tracks
outside my outside my
house uh check out this artist D from U
Montenegro formerly Yugoslavia really
wild art okay well I have my computer
open now
d d d how is it spelled uh from
Montenegro oh yeah I see what you
mean oh yeah that's kind of cool looks
like almost like ink work or
something huh yeah thanks for
that might add them to my to-do list
I live in the UK says Jas nice shout out
anyone in the UK on this sweltering hot
evening just found out garbage are doing
a gig in my hometown in July nice sound
like a punk
band is it crazy that I watch your
videos at night says I'm asleep with
eggs another great name no it's not
crazy at all please keep doing
it um and thank you I'm glad that you
do with the amazing Independent Artists
uh you Showcase in artist Corner would
you create an actual exhibition in the
future wow I have thought about that um
the trouble is I don't know where I I
don't know the first thing about
creating an arch show like an exhibition
I would love to I'd love to like work
with some people who know more than I do
and I could just be like look these guys
really deserve an
exhibition um can you guys sort it
out um yeah if you opportunity came
along I would love to do that that would
be amazing that'd be so cool and
there'll be a step in the door of a
world of creating
art your videos are my weekend art
history lessons oh thank you Patty white
love them it's been a minute for a new
one just grab something now yeah yeah uh
new video like I was saying earlier
nearly done uh next week sometime I
still need to figure it out if it will
actually be out next week
though pyus says uh thank you again for
featuring uh me in episode 6 of
inspiring art by Independent
Artists yeah I thought I recognized you
name
pyra you certainly deserve the subs for
the work you're representing the Arts oh
thank you everyone check out pyra's work
absolutely amazing stuff I I I do
remember you now yeah your stuff is
awesome check out Pyro's work
everybody so many people are tuning in
God I wish I had more
prepared so I do dance like how do I
entertain this many people
gosh 59 people watching now what do I
do oh no but just thank you thank you
for tuning in like um and uh I'm just
going to keep saying it thank you for
250,000 subscribers like a quarter of a
million Subs is not something I remotely
even thought Could
Happen didn't think that was at all
possible yeah here I am I'm telling
people oh yeah I'm doing a live stream
and they're saying oh what for and I say
well I got
250,000 subs and everyone's
like like in disbelief about it pretty
much I'm in disbelief about
it thanks for the vids made me want to
learn and be an artist do it please pick
up a pen and
pencil and uh a pad pad of paper and see
what you can come out with just um
practice
get some
Inspirations and um so long as you've
got like a you
know the ambition or an idea in your
head that you want to get out there then
just keep practicing and you'll get
there I think she's very private yeah
Ryan I think you're right um yeah I
think yo attach to Shima just I don't
know I'm I'm hoping that we haven't
misrepresented her art in the worst way
possible that would be horrible but
that's why I want to interview her cuz I
want to make sure that I haven't
misrepresented what she wanted to convey
in her artwork cuz I think I might have
done cuz it was the early days of my
channel and um it would be really cool
just to get her own opinion on her art
or maybe she just
prefers um yeah maybe she just prefers
uh like letting people choose their own
interpretation of our art I don't
know I love your three-part series on
Marino Abramovic yeah that was a that
was a very big project I'm glad that's
over as much as I love Marina Abramovich
that was
um yeah that turned out to be a biggie
and it wasn't supposed to be a biggie it
was meant to be just like a 40 minute
long video turned out to be a three-part
series there we go
again it's one of those situations where
I just couldn't stop I was Finding so
many cool facts about her and like her
story I find so
fascinating like how she got into doing
um performance art I think she's a very
one-of a-kind individual I I don't agree
with everything she does by any stretch
but still got to admit she's pretty in
pretty interesting
Francis Bacon paintings don't have
Museum glass in front of them says Kenby
it looks like regular glass that has
more of a reflection to it
interesting Ken I had no idea about this
that's
awesome Jacob says love your work from
France oh
Messi thank you so
much how is learning Portuguese going
it's not going very well I've stopped
kind of learning
that yeah I've been pretty bad at
learning Portuguese not going so well
nowadays unfortunately I might still
learn a language but right now things
are just getting really
busy like I'm going to be moving in with
my mate
soon and
uh like I'm doing a teaching job now uh
you know I'm literally teaching a
college how to become a YouTuber it's
mad people are coming to me like as if
I'm some kind of like Guru of YouTube
I'm like dude I just made videos because
no one else was making videos that I
wanted to watch that's how it all
started I'm not an expert I'm just as
surprised as you that I managed to make
this you
know make my YouTube channel work for
this long
like so I don't know like
you know I'm getting I like teaching
don't get me wrong I'm still getting
used to it though like it's weird
teaching people oh yeah this is how you
become a successful YouTuber but at the
same time it might not work for everyone
you know like these are things we have
to bear in Minds everyone's journey is
very unique when it comes to
YouTube uh rain wants to marry me now
that's
romantic proposing over YouTube live
chat oh what a lucky
lady what am I drinking oh just
Coke just
cocacola really enjoyed bacon and Lori
Lipton looking forward to checking out
your other videos oh thank you d uh the
bacon one was the best I've seen on him
and there are there are a few yeah oh
thank you yeah well I mean I've got
mostly the um Francis Bacon Revelations
to thank because it was I I all urge you
you to buy a copy if you if you
genuinely love Francis Bacon and want to
know more about his life and how how his
art Journey kind of like
unfolded I really highly suggest you get
a copy of Revelations because it's just
oozing with facts to do with Francis
Bacon um and it's humorous at times like
it really does you know show how much of
a great sense of humor Francis Bacon had
as well like quite a messed up sense of
humor at the same time but um still you
know it's fascinating to see that side
of the artist you
know hi just joined oh well welcome
sarin I think the
ambiguity uh surrounding Yuko is what
makes her artwork so interesting I
absolutely agree
Elevate yeah
um yeah because the fact that her work
is so well known now at least on the
internet like you see it in Tik Tok
videos now you see other YouTubers do
like mini documentaries on her work and
it's like surely she must know that
she's getting a lot of attention but
she's just you know she's like Banky she
doesn't care she's just taking a back
seat and you got to you know got to
admire her for that
another great uh German artist Hans
belmer oo I'm not heard of this
guy Hans bmer wait have I heard of this
I think I have heard
of the name sounds so familiar but I do
not recognize any of his artwork wow lot
of
sculpture very interesting
[Music]
sculpture good shout
out Maria from Croatia oh hello to
Croatia thank you for joining
Maria uh venitas asks uh if there was an
artist from history you could have
interviewed who would it be and why what
a question oh
I mean Francis Bacon is obviously in the
top three but if I had to choose maybe
two
others oh who would I
interview probably Francisco deoya if I
could speak
Spanish and I would have loved to um I I
know I S such an easy choice to go to
but I would have loved to have
interviewed Freda Carlo as well actually
CU I
feel the S you know the symbolism in our
work is very clear it's Crystal Clear
like brutal brutally clear at times but
um it would be good to you know kind of
speak to her sort of like you know Heart
to Heart face to face on like um you
know what prompted th th those sort of
symbolisms in her art you know I think
she would be fascinating to speak
too act living comes with many
annoyances your channel provides a
memorable reprive from the horridness of
it
all thank you so much that's such a
lovely comment thank you Melissa I mean
I do I do focus a lot on dark subjects
though so I'm glad that I'm having the
opposite effect and not making you feel
worse Mike duraso this is my my alltime
fave channel oh thank you Mike really
appreciate that
Patchwork and Nuance says hello from
Texas hello to Texas thank you for
joining
Patchwork can't wait for your new video
oh thank you it will be out soon I
promise thank you for your work I've
watched all videos it inspires me to
create oh good one nice one
Greg it is Greg isn't it I keep having
to go like to read the comments do you
just see my massive head just block the
whole screen
I'm learning about new artists because
of his channel good thirst for knowledge
that's what we
like are you into painting I mean are
you an artist too uh asks sarin well
um I I enjoy painting but I'm not very
good at it or at least I don't think I'm
very good at it um whenever I do art
which is very rarely nowadays but
whenever I do get the chance it's most L
soft pastels that I
use wait for the train to go
by okay so yeah it's mostly soft pastels
that I use because I love that you can
blend the colors together you can create
shading you can um you know make kind of
dream like imagery with a blurry sort of
like you know that you can smudge the
powder together it's like really
malleable and I can use my fingers as
well so so I can get really nice details
whenever I'm using soft pastel that's
normally my go-to I haven't done
anything for a long time though I've
been pretty bad at um sticking to an
artwork
schedule
um oh and I should probably mention by
the way now that we're on the subject of
like artists and Painters and things
um I've been really bad as well on
getting back to emails and requests to
do the next episode of um inspiring art
by Independent Artists and I have to
apologize um because it's been a while
now we're in May and I still haven't
done a new episode on that and I'll be
honest the reason why it's taken a long
time is because at one point my Revenue
just
plummeted and um I was like okay well in
that case I better stick to doing some
um videos that people will you know
definitely sort of like watch and you
know will enjoy and I took less risks
basically but now that now that I'm in a
full swing of like you know new video
ideas and um you know I've got things a
bit better plans I promise you that I
will be doing the independent artist
videos again like um before the
summer uh I don't know if it will be
this month or possibly the following
month and I and I I do really apologize
that it's taken this long um I've been
very busy gone through a lot of
um you know just some personal stuff uh
it's no big deal but like it put a lot
of um sort of a kind of like a breeze
Block in between you know what I wanted
to do and the finished
results so uh it's taken longer than
expected but I promise I'll be getting
back to more emails soon and we'll be
doing that series again um in no time
ASAP it's been 30 years since I was in
an art class thanks to you and sister
Wendy for keeping the flame
alive oh you're welcome thank you
Melissa keep on going Babs you got this
[__] you are loved oh thank you rain
that's really nice of you thank you
would you consider doing a video on
Honda
what what's this word h hund
waser that's a fun
name I'm totally not Googling this right
now here we go hund
wat oh very
colorful oh so it's an Austrian
arst very
colorful if he's got an interesting
story i' i' definitely consider
him
so this artist Honda hund
waser Vasa hund Vasa that name basically
one I'll need to practice pronouncing um
he was an artist and architect who also
worked in the field of Environmental
Protection he stood out as an opponent
of a straight line and any standard
standardization expressing his concept
his Concepts in the field of building
design his best known work is uh the
hondon house in Vienna which has become
a noticeable a notable place of interest
in the Austrian Capital characterized by
imaginative V yeah vitality and
uniqueness it doesn't really say a lot
about him though does
it his artwork though is very very
colorful I like
it Lucas Miguel says your videos inspire
me a lot thank you you're
welcome oh hey it's swm another artist
I've featured in a video thank you for
joining in mate says bro thank you for
your support you're
welcome I just uh facilitated an event
for World College day was wonderful
thank you for
your iridite analysis of great
Arts please write a book I'll buy imens
immediately um I've been tempted to
write a book but whenever I come up with
an idea for a book um and the more I try
to work out how I'm going to do it the
worse the idea gets so I think maybe one
day maybe one
day greetings from New York says mike uh
derasmo oh no
problem sorry the comments keep going
away here we go yeah greetings from New
York oh greetings to New York thank you
for joining in
Nicholas Stark says hi Matt
congratulations I'm making uh 250k thank
you for the Discord server too oh you're
welcome I see so much cool work in there
right like this if you haven't joined
yet join the Discord server especially
if you want some like good inspiration
from like artists like yourself it's a
really cool I'm just moving my fan over
here TX it's a really cool place to um
get some tips and you know you can talk
to me every once in a while because I
tune into the server every once in a
while but normally I like take a step
back and like take a back seat because I
love the fact that it's taken on a life
you know a life of its own now like
people just have amazing conversations
and I don't really need to be there and
I love that I love the fact that a
community can be like that you know we
can talk about you know our experiences
or you know not just about art but music
music as well film uh deep
convos can even share memes it's
amazing Jake someone says congrats thank
you
Jake arst Cody mayor says what up blindy
oh hi Cody thank you for joining in mate
hope you're well check out artist Cody's
artwork on
Instagram what exhibitions are you going
to see next I haven't actually got
anything planned I need to see cuz
um I was thinking I haven't been to tape
modern in a while and I might see what's
going on
there or whatever's happening at um The
Academy yeah there is something
happening but I can't remember if there
at theate or the Royal Academy I'll have
to check but nothing's set in stone
Banky is just a crappy stencil
artist well he has to make the stencils
as well you know you know that takes
some skill and it's not just stencils
like it's you know using different
colors for shading for
outlines uh for details and things like
that like it's not just as simple as
like spraying over a
stencil if you watch um the documentary
exit through the gift shop you actually
get get to see some clips of him working
anomalously obviously he's got his hood
up and stuff and it's not just him like
spraying like the gaps and a stencil he
does a stencil sometimes multiple times
in order to get depth perception and
things like that like it's really
creative the way he did it and so many
people have been ripping him off since
so you can't be that
crappy I don't think
so uh mus lier great name uh blind well
and Art Deco get me running when they
upload oh good glad to hear
that Aaron Osborne says hello Oto dick
video was awesome thank you Aaron and I
hope you're doing well I recognize you
hope you're keeping
well what's going on in the comments
there someone being uh
sorry I'm catching up on this rain
Sophia Lewis are you okay is someone
harassing you in the
comments does this have to be my first
time banging Banning someone or putting
someone on timeout do I really have to
do this guys come on let's behave
ourselves I'll be going in a couple of
minutes anyway so but yeah behave
yourselves leave rain alone
Lauren says I work from home a lot and
even though it's still some very art uh
artsy and creative work it gets lonely
and repetitive sometimes oh I can
imagine your videos keep the sparking me
and want uh want to get back to drawing
oh
great oh I'm glad I could could do that
for you Lauren oh well thank you for
sharing that and yeah
um I generally like isolation I'm a bit
of an introvert but
um we're social creatures let's face it
like we're you know we're not supposed
to be isolated we're supposed to have
tight-knit
groups so it's important like even if
you enjoy isolation so still get out and
about you
know don't shut yourself off too much to
the point where it just eats you up
inside you
know I love soft pastel pigment sticks
and sometimes apply heat to them on the
canvas or board with a heat gun that's
an interesting idea oh you got some tips
and tricks tonight
keni any tips for art block uh raccoon
isn't here says I haven't been able to
draw for two months and it's very
upsetting dude we've all been there we
have all been there the best thing I can
say about creative block and how to
conquer it is just just basically take a
step
back and realize that it's you doubting
yourself that's um really blocking you
it's not it's not the fact that you
can't think of anything good is the fact
that you're trying to compare it to
something either that you've done before
or to someone else and you're creating
this doubt in your mind so the best
thing to do is just take a step back and
look at your state of mind and think
okay am I getting anywhere here
stressing myself out Force trying to
force an idea out of my head often times
you just need to be you know just a
little bit more patient with yourself
and a good idea will just come like
that and uh don't worry if it happens in
the middle of the night because that's a
very normal thing for me uh a lot of
good ideas come to me when I'm just
drifting off and then I suddenly just
open my eyes like wait a minute
I just thought of a great idea so don't
be ashamed about that like if you got a
good idea just get a notepad out and jot
it down then go back to
sleep at least that's what I
do are there any artists you are scared
to cover what a good question Aaron like
an artist is too dark for you okay so I
for the longest time now have really
badly desperately wanted to do a video
on um Joel Peter Witkin and his
photography the trouble is it won't last
a minute on YouTube he takes photos of
literal cadavers you know it's quite
gruesome and graphic at times I just
know I wouldn't get away with it and
it's so frustrating
because that would be an amazing video I
could do so much on that video and he
has so many fascinating like projects
that worked
on so yeah um he's one but also I'm
quite scared of doing a video on Dary
cuz I really like dar's artwork I think
he's a I think he you know as a
person very
unlikable but um his artwork is you know
fascinating it's
phenomenal um but I know that as a
person he was
extremely
controversial he was a fascist he was
very very
um yeah just a bit of a douche bit you
know not very nice man um and that's the
only thing holding me back is like well
I want to like the art and the artist
you know I want to have something that
will really kind of pull me in not just
from the artwork perspective but like
the personal side to them as well so
I've been a bit hesitant on how I'm
going to tackle darly cuz I I don't want
it to come across as me being being like
biased or me trying to cover up for
dar's actions or whatever you know God
knows what people complain about in
YouTube comments nowadays
but yeah he makes me slightly nervous I
still want to do it like I'm still
planning to do a series or a long video
on Dary but how I'm going to go about it
how I'm going to structure it that I
still need to think more on
good question Aaron very good question
uh you introduced me to Lori Lipton says
of age animated
titties oh I was not expecting to of age
anime
titties uh you introduced me to Lori
Lipton thank you so much you're welcome
and thank you for making me laugh with
your username
just catching up with some comments
[Music]
here oh that's some good
advice FTI and Nicholas Stark like try a
new technique or style and just focus on
experimenting yeah that's what I do as
well am I going to sneeze it feels like
I'm going to
sneeze sorry excuse me I felt that
coming on for a long
time uh but yeah that's a good bit of
advice try and you technique like it
might you might be getting creative
blocked cuz you're staying in your
comfort zone too much and if that's the
case try a new medium you know try
messing around with it you may be
surprised like one thing I did like when
I was writing songs like whenever I'd
write a certain genre of song too many
times in a row I would just burn myself
out but then I'd do do a new genre or a
new kind of approach or new maybe kind
of structure of a song and then the
ideas would just flow because I'm doing
something new and it's exciting I want
to know more about this new thing that
I'm trying out so yeah maybe give that a
go good
advice uh whenever I make new work I
always make sure to post in your Discord
nice did I just get attacked by
fly Point Blank into my eyeball why
would you do
that now I'm making weird faces on the
camera that was weird oh it's cuz I got
the windows open and I got the lights
beaming down on me we're all going to
come like in a minute well I'm going to
head off in maybe 10 minutes because
it's quite late where I am at the moment
and I got my sister
visiting
um uh but I'm going to stick around and
uh read a couple of more of these um
comments and just uh give a final thank
you at the
end name surname says subscribing to you
is one of the most fun decisions I made
here on YouTube oh thank you thank you
for
subscribing a lot of these are just
people talking amongst themselves which
is lovely it's nice that you guys are
interacting with each
other uh Johnny Wags says just popping
in to say I love the channel and I'm so
happy when you upload something I learn
so much oh well thank you I'm glad
you're
learning um hopefully one day I could be
featured in your artist Corner well you
never know keep sending me your artwork
to my email make sure you're write about
yourself and make sure I will say this
please try to include attachments of
your artwork in your email if you are
submitting because it just makes it a
lot easier for me to kind of get like um
a first impression if that makes sense
if I have to go through links and things
I don't I mean I don't mind doing that
every once in a while but it it makes it
a lot kind of the process a lot easier
and not just like you know reading what
you're all about but while I'm doing
that I can also have your artwork up and
I can kind of put it to the description
of yourself you know I can put these
elements together and think about how
I'm going to present you in the video so
that um is a little tip for me please
include attachments like uh whether it's
a JPEG file or a PNG even a PDF like
just as long as it's something like that
but no um we transfer links or Dropbox
links sorry I just don't accept those at
least not
nowadays making art is the only way I
feel I can connect uh to
play I'm a YouTuber I can speak well uh
making art is the only way I feel I can
connect to the world as I suffer with
high social anxiet
yeah me too mate around people but
sharing my art is a way to talk to other
people exactly art could be the voice
that we lack and that is a very you know
I think that's more important than
trying to make art that looks good on a
wall we want to do something
creative with you know we want to be
productive with the negative sides of
life we don't want to just let it defeat
us and put us into like this horrible
pit of like you know um existentialism
and thinking you're not good enough like
artwork can really help with mental
health and not just like painting or
drawing but like you know making music
making videos like I I consider making
videos like my therapy you know um it
allows me to be creative I feel if I'm
not being creative in something I get
very very uncomfortable and viid I've
got to always be doing something making
something
uh lot orig says with art block I always
remember saying a tree doesn't fruit all
year round
exactly very wise and remember you're
not a machine an inspiration is a
working
progress uh is a work in progress in
itself very very true losser well
said covering both sides of dark could
be important when I learned about him in
school we only talked about the good
things and ignored the bad which is a
disservice to everyone very good point
that's the thing I know that if I do a
documentary on Dary it has to be
extremely balanced because I don't want
to leave you guys know me I don't like
to leave many stones unturned so if I'm
going to do one on Dary I'm going to
show him warts and all I'm not going to
hold back like I'm going to mention it
but I need to be very very careful
careful to make sure that I'm not you
know giving off the impression that I'm
like advocating it you know that sort of
thing like advocating is slightly more
immoral perceptions and actions so
um yeah but you're right I I can't just
pick and choose and cherry pick and
tailor make you know the video to make
Dary look a certain way I I I want to I
want it to be very meticulously done but
that why it's taken me so long to
finally start doing it we're still
working out the
approach what do you feel about
Rothco uh what in terms of
art Mark Rothco
oh
yeah recognize the name so the um
yeah all these different shades and
things not really my
thing
um if there's like um interesting
messages behind them which I'm just not
getting then I'd love to know but first
impressions of rothco's work it just not
really my
thing Oliver Bell uh tuned in just to
say hi just popping in to thank you for
great content much love to you and your
yours a thank you Oliver appreciate
that Ashley Weaver hello congrats on
250k I thoroughly enjoy your content
thank you for your hard work oh well
thank you I've discovered many new
artists from you and many are just new
are just new to me yeah that's what I
like to do I don't like to choose the
the standard go-to art history topics I
like to choose the weird and unexpected
the weird and wonderful that is my
go-to guys I think I'm going to shoot
off now um it's getting quite late but I
just want to
say sincerely and like wholeheartedly
thank you so much and uh you know for
the
uh oh okay we got a few more comments
coming
in have you seen the can't help myself
robot no
is that a meme what is that what do you
think of a horror manga artist like Jing
gingo you know what I'm actually tempted
to make a video on Jingo I love shantara
keo's work check out shantara Keo like
the video I did on him nuts an absolute
nuts mangar Artis it's
amazing Mars Keno Keno says respect to
your channel thank you so much wi can
also has has a twin brother yes I did
know that who is a pretty impressive
painter yeah I did know that um very
artistic family it turns out anyway um
yeah I'm going to head off uh but thank
you again so much for the subscriptions
and thank you for tuning in tonight it's
been great speaking to so many of you
and
um ah thank you Marissa Marissa says
congrats uh and wonder p monium says
have a good night thank you yeah I hope
you guys all have a great evening or
morning afternoon wherever you are in
the world thank you for tuning in sorry
again that this is a very basic stream
maybe one day I'll get more confident
with streaming software and I'll do
something a little bit more
special you know CU my absolute perfect
scenario would be to do artist corner on
live stream one day I just need to work
out the best way to do it I just need a
bit of help uh from my mate
and who's way better at it than I am and
I'll be moving in with him soon and he
doesn't know this I'm going to ask him
for help he doesn't know this yet but
I'm going to ask
him oh well thank you so much again guys
for tuning in have a wonderful week uh
weekends rather and uh hopefully I'll
see you with a new video in this coming
week and uh yeah thank you again you
guys all take care and I'll see you
around all right bye bye
bye wait how do I stop this come on you
Boomer work it out there we go